PREVIOUSLY ON...
(laughs)
LADIES.
RENEE WAS CHARMED
BY THE NEW NEIGHBOR.
DIBS.
TRYING TO PROTECT GABY,
CARLOS COMMITTED MURDER.
WE ARE NEVER GONNA BE ABLE
TO TELL ANYBODY ABOUT THIS.
ARE YOU GONNA BE ABLE
TO LIVE WITH THAT?
AND THE WOMEN SWORE TO KEEP
THE SECRET.
BUT THEN BREE
RECEIVED A WARNING.
(Mary Alice) WHEN I WAS ALIVE,
BREE VAN DE KAMP
WAS ONE OF MY CLOSEST FRIENDS.
MAYBE THAT'S BECAUSE WE HAD
SO MUCH IN COMMON.
LIKE BREE, I ALSO RECEIVED
A MENACING LETTER--
ONE THAT THREATENED TO SHATTER
THE PERFECT LIFE
I HAD WORKED SO HARD TO CREATE.
YOU SEE, I HAD ONCE COMMITTED
A DESPERATE ACT OF MY OWN.
AND DESPITE MY BEST EFFORTS
TO CONCEAL IT,
SOMEONE FOUND OUT AND WAS
DETERMINED TO EXPOSE ME.
I THOUGHT ABOUT
TELLING MY FRIENDS.
BUT I DECIDED
NOT TO BURDEN THEM.
I HAD HOPED
THAT WITH ONE FINAL ACT,
I COULD CONSIGN MY DEEDS
TO HISTORY.
BUT I HAD FORGOTTEN
THAT HISTORY...
(click)
HAS A WAY OF REPEATING ITSELF.
SOMETHING INTERESTING?
(gasps)
NO. NO, JUST A... LETTER...
FROM A FRIEND WHO I HAVEN'T,
UH, HEARD FROM IN A WHILE.
YOU OKAY?
I'M FINE.
I'M JUST ANNOYED
BECAUSE THE, UH, POSTMAN LEFT ME
GABY'S WATER BILL AGAIN.
YOU GO IN. I'LL JUST
PUT IT BACK IN THE BOX.
ALL RIGHT.
(door closes)
(gasps) OH, KAREN.
YOU SCARED ME. WHAT ARE
YOU DOING OUT SO LATE?
WHAT AM I, A CAT? I'M ALLOWED
TO BE OUT PAST 10:00.
I'M SORRY. HAVE YOU SEEN
ANYONE NEAR MY MAILBOX?
WHAT'S THE PROBLEM?
I JUST... GOT A LETTER.
AN OBSCENE LETTER.
THAT'S ALL?
YOU OUGHTA BE HAPPY THAT SOMEONE
STILL FINDS YOU OBSCENE.
LAST WEEK, I GOT CALLED "SIR"
THREE TIMES.
KAREN! THIS IS SERIOUS.
I NEED TO FIND OUT WHO PUT
THIS LETTER IN MY MAILBOX.
WOW,
YOU'RE REALLY SHAKEN UP.
YES, I AM.
THIS IS VERY UPSETTING,
AND I DON'T KNOW
WHAT I'M GOING TO DO.
IT'S JUST A NOTE, BREE.
LET IT GO.
YES, BREE VAN DE KAMP AND I
HAD SO MUCH IN COMMON.
WE SHARED SIMILAR LIVES.
AND NOW BREE
FOUND HERSELF PRAYING
THAT WE WOULDN'T
SHARE A SIMILAR FATE.
IN THE DIVIDED WORLD
OF THE SUBURBS,
EVERYONE IS LOOKING
FOR A WAY TO CONNECT.
THEY FEND OFF LONELINESS
WITH CASUAL CONVERSATION.
THEY SHARE OLD TREASURES
WITH A YOUNG FRIEND.
THEY HELP A NEIGHBOR
MAKE A DIFFICULT MOVE.
BUT FOR CARLOS AND GABY SOLIS,
THE ONLY CONNECTION
THAT MATTERED
WAS THE ROMANTIC ONE.
AND WHEN IT CAME
TO MAINTAINING IT,
GABY WAS WILLING TO PULL OUT
ALL THE STOPS.
(pop)
(sighs)
WHAT ARE WE CELEBRATING?
A NEW RECORD. IT'S BEEN 38 DAYS
SINCE WE LAST HAD SEX,
AND THAT STREAK
IS ENDING TONIGHT.
SERIOUSLY,
IT'S BEEN THAT LONG?
38 DAYS.
THAT'S LIKE THREE YEARS
IN HOO-HAH TIME.
(chuckles)
SWEETIE, I WOULD LOVE TO,
BUT I HAVEWAY
TOO MUCH WORK TO DO.
UNH-UNH. NO, NO.
NO EXCUSES.
I CHANGED THE SHEETS,
SHAVED MY LEGS,
AND DUMPED THE KIDS
AT McCLUSKEY'S,
SO DROP YOUR PANTS, COWBOY,
AND SADDLE UP.
YES, MA'AM.
OH! (laughing)
DON'T FEEL BAD.
IT HAPPENS TO LOTS OF MEN.
NOT TO ME. NOT TO US.
(sighs)
WELL, ITHASBEEN 38 DAYS.
MAYBE THE POOR LITTLE GUY
FORGOT WHAT TO DO.
NOT HELPING.
OH.
LISTEN, YOU'VE BEEN UNDER
A LOT OF STRESS LATELY.
SO RELAX.
HOW ABOUT I GIVE YOU
A NICE MASSAGE,
WE FINISH THE CHAMPAGNE,
AND LATER WE TRY AGAIN?
GABY, THANKS, BUT IT'S
NOT GONNA WORK, OKAY?
(sighs)
LIKE CARLOS, SUSAN DELFINO
WAS ALSO FEELING DISCONNECTED.
HER GUILT MADE THE WORLD
A STRANGE AND SCARY PLACE...
(brakes squeal)
WHERE SHE COULD BE EXPOSED
AT ANY MOMENT.
HEY! HOLD IT RIGHT THERE!
I KNOW WHAT YOU DID.
WHAT?
YEAH, AND YOU'RE NOT
GETTING AWAY WITH IT.
YOU THOUGHT YOU COULD WALK OUT
WITH A CASE OF SODA
AND NO ONE WOULD NOTICE?
OH. UH... (laughs)
I-I FORGOT
THOSE WERE DOWN THERE.
YEAH. RIGHT. I'VE NEVER
HEARD THAT ONE BEFORE.
MA'AM, I'M GONNA ASK YOU
TO STEP AWAY FROM THE CART
AND KEEP YOUR HANDS
WHERE I CAN SEE 'EM.
(panting)
EVERYTHING OKAY HERE?
IF YOU CONSIDER
LARCENY OKAY.
MRS. DELFINO,
ON BEHALF OF FAIRVIEW MARKET,
I'D LIKE TO APOLOGIZE FOR KEVIN.
SEEMS WE'RE ALL PAYING THE PRICE
FOR HIS REJECTION
FROM THE POLICE ACADEMY.
OH, WELL, EXCUSE ME FOR
NOT WANTING TO LIVE IN A WORLD
WHERE PEOPLE
CAN COMMIT CRIMES
WITHOUT SUFFERING
THE CONSEQUENCES.
YOUARE A CRIMINAL.
I'VE KNOWN MRS. DELFINO
FOR YEARS.
SHE PAYS FOR THE GRAPES
SHE EATS IN THE PRODUCE SECTION.
SHE WOULD NEVER DO
ANYTHING BAD.
SURE, I WOULD.
WHAT?
YOU DON'T KNOW ME AT ALL.
I'M A VERY BAD PERSON.
I DID A HORRIBLE THING.
I DESERVE TO BE PUNISHED.
LET ME CUFF HER. I HAVE CUFFS.
I BROUGHT 'EM FROM HOME.
NO ONE'S GETTING CUFFED.
JUST... PAY FOR THE SODA
NEXT TIME YOU COME IN.
NO, NO, NO.
NO, YOU NEED TO MARCH ME INSIDE
AND MAKE ME PAY NOW.
MRS. DELFINO--
I'M SERIOUS.
(clicking)
MAKE AN EXAMPLE OF ME
TO DETER OTHER CRIMINALS.
FINE. TAKE HER IN.
COPY THAT.
YEP. DID THE CRIME.
DOING THE TIME.
DEAD MAN WALKING.
(sighs)
SO WHAT'S THE DAMAGE?
AN ARM AND A LEG?
JUST AN ARM?
(sighs) NOT EVEN A FINGER.
IT'S A CRACKED FITTING.
I SWAPPED IT OUT.
IT'S NO CHARGE.
REALLY?
THE FIRST GUY I CALLED
SAID I HAD TO RE-PIPE
THE WHOLE HOUSE.
OH, IT'S A SCAM.
THESE PIPES ARE
TOP-OF-THE-LINE COPPER.
THE GUY THAT PUT 'EM IN
DID A GREAT JOB.
HOW DOYOUKNOW?
IT WAS ME. (chuckles)
YOU JUST SAVED ME 10 GRAND.
NO WONDER PEOPLE SAY
SUCH GOOD THINGS ABOUT YOU.
(laughs) WELL...
WHAT ARE NEIGHBORS FOR?
NEED ANYTHING ELSE,
JUST HOLLER.
ACTUALLY,
THEREISONE THING.
I'M A REAL ESTATE DEVELOPER,
ABOUT TO BREAK GROUND
ON A NEW PROJECT,
AND, UH, I'M LOOKING
FOR SOME HELP--
LOCAL GUYS
THAT I CAN TRUST.
YOU INTERESTED?
(sets box down)
HEY, MIKE. GOT A MINUTE?
UM... HEY, RENEE.
WE'RE FRIENDS, RIGHT?
WELL...
OH, COME ON.
YOU FIXED MY TOILET FOR FREE.
UM, THAT WASN'T FREE.
I SENT YOU A BILL.
YOU JUST HAVEN'T PAID IT.
(laughs)
AHH. ANYWAY, LOOK,
HERE'S THE DEAL.
UH, BEN LIKES ME.
HE JUST DOESN'T KNOW IT YET.
NOW I NEED TO FIND THAT THING
THAT WE CONNECT ON.
YOU'VE BEEN ON THE INSIDE.
WHAT CAN YOU TELL ME ABOUT HIM?
WELL, HE'S GOT COPPER PIPES.
SOMETHING PERSONAL.
I SAW A BOX OF CHEERIOS...
AND A COFFEEMAKER.
HE MUST LIKE COFFEE.
UNLESS IT'S FOR GUESTS.
OH, MY GOD. I GOT MORE
OUT OF THE CABLE GUY,
AND HE'S DEAF.
DOES HE HAVE ANY PHOTOS?
ARTWORK? THINK, DELFINO, THINK!
(pounds door)
OKAY.
OKAY. UM...
THERE WAS THIS PLAQUE
FROM THE MAYOR--
SOMETHING ABOUT HIS WORK
WITH THE ELDERLY.
REALLY?
HE LIKES THE ELDERLY?
WELL, I LIKE THE ELDERLY.
SINCE WHEN?
OH. OLD PEOPLE
ARE ADORABLE.
I LOVE
THEIR LITTLE RAISIN FACES
AND THOSE TENNIS BALLS
THEY PUT ON THEIR WALKERS.
THANKS FOR THE TIP...
FRIEND.
(sighs)
(door opens)
MOM!
HEY, HOW WAS YOUR DAY?
AWESOME.
DAD'S HOTEL IS SO COOL.
WE WENT SWIMMING IN THE POOL
AND PLAYED MARCO POLO
AND CANNONBALLED
OFF THE DIVING BOARD.
WHY DON'T WE HAVE A POOL?
AND THEN WE GOT HAMBURGERS
AND FRENCH FRIES
AND SUPER-SIZED
CHERRY COLA SLUSHIES.
(slurps)
AH. SUGARANDCAFFEINE.
I GUESS YOU FIGURED
THEY WERE TOO YOUNG FOR METH?
IT'S JUST A SLUSHIE.
ON A SCHOOL NIGHT.
SHE'S GONNA BE UP TILL 2:00 A.M.
JUST 'CAUSE YOU COULDN'T
SAY "NO."
YOU'RE BLOWING THIS
OUT OF PROPORTION.
WHO WANTS TO PLAY MEGA MONOPOLY?
IT'S JUST LIKE REGULAR MONOPOLY
BUT WITH MORE STUFF.
YOU JUST KEEP PLAYING
AND PLAYING
AND PLAYING AND PLAYING
AND PLAYING...
YEAH.WAY OUT OF PROPORTION.
LOOK, NOW THAT WE'RE
REALLY SEPARATED,
I REFUSE TO BE
THE BAD GUY ALL THE TIME.
YOU HAVE GOT TO LEARN
TO SAY "NO."
I SAY IT.
(scoffs)
TONIGHT WHEN WE WALKED PAST
THE PET SHOP,
THEY WANTED A SPIDER MONKEY.
I SAID "NO."
I'M SERIOUS.
THINGS ARE DIFFERENT NOW.
I'M NOT GONNA LET THIS BE
THE HOUSE OF PAIN
WHILE YOU'RE LIVING IT UP
AT THE MTV BEACH HOUSE.
YOU'RE RIGHT.
THINGSAREDIFFERENT NOW.
FOR INSTANCE, I USED TO HAVE TO
STAND HERE AND LISTEN TO THIS.
BUT NOW I'M THINKING...
NO.
(door opens)
HEY, LOOK AT THAT. I'M GETTING
PRETTY GOOD AT THIS "NO" THING.
IT'S BAD ENOUGH WHEN WE WEREN'T
EVEN TRYING TO HAVE SEX,
BUT TO TRY AND FAIL?
WELL, DO YOU THINK
IT MIGHT HAVE SOMETHING TO DO
WITH THE STRESS
CARLOS IS UNDER?
WE'RE ALL UNDER STRESS.
YOU KNOW WHAT'S STRESSFUL?
IS NOT HAVING SEX
FOR 39 1/2 DAYS.
YOU'RE SOUNDING
A LITTLE CALLOUS.
I DON'T MEAN TO. IT'S JUST,
SEX IS IMPORTANT TO US.
EVEN IN OUR TOUGHEST TIMES, IT'S
WHAT ALWAYS HELD US TOGETHER.
IF WE DON'T HAVE THAT, I'M
WORRIED WHAT WILL HAPPEN TO US.
I GET THAT.
SO... COME ON, GIRLS.
HOW CAN I SPICE THINGS UP
IN THE BEDROOM?
IS THIS ACTUALLY HAPPENING?
GABRIELLE SOLIS IS
ASKINGUSFOR SEX TIPS?
I KNOW! IT'S THE APOCALYPSE.
WELL, IF YOU DON'T MIND
HARSH LIGHTING
AND BLATANT MISOGYNY,
YOU CAN ALWAYS WATCH A PORNO.
WATCHED ONE. FILMED ONE. NEXT.
THIS MAY SHOCK YOU,
BUT SOMETIMES MIKE AND I
LIKE DOING IT IN PUBLIC.
HUH. THOSE OF US WHO WANDERED
BY SANTA'S WORKSHOP
AT THE CHRISTMAS CARNIVAL--
NOT THAT SHOCKED.
YOU COULD TRY ROLE-PLAYING.
ONCE, I DRESSED UP
IN A FRENCH MAID'S COSTUME,
AND ORSON PRETENDED TO BE
A STUBBORN STAIN,
AND WHY IS EVERYBODY
LOOKING AT ME?
SERIOUSLY, GUYS,
I NEED SOMENEWMOVES.
WELL, THERE'S THIS ONE MOM
AT SCHOOL--
AND I PROMISED
I WOULDN'T USE HER NAME--
BETTY CUNNINGHAM--WHO HIRED
A STRIPPER TO TEACH HER
HOW TO GIVE HER HUSBAND
A LAP DANCE.
WELL, I DON'T KNOW WHAT
A STRIPPER COULD TEACHME,
BUT IT'S WORTH A SHOT.
YOU REALLY THINK
THAT'S GONNA WORK?
WHY WOULDN'T IT?
BECAUSE... I GET WHERE
CARLOS IS COMING FROM.
THIS KIND OF GUILT CAN
REALLY MESS WITH YOUR HEAD.
SOMETHING YOU WANNA TALK ABOUT?
OKAY, THE OTHER DAY,
I ACCIDENTALLY TOOK A CASE
OF SODA FROM THE SUPERMARKET,
AND THE SECURITY GUARD
STARTED YELLING AT ME.
AND AT FIRST, I WAS LIKE, "NO,"
BUT THEN I WAS LIKE
"YES, I DESERVE IT.
I DESERVE TO BE PUNISHED."
IT FELT RIGHT TO BE
PUBLICLY HUMILIATED LIKE THAT,
AND WHY IS EVERYBODY
LOOKING AT ME?
'CAUSE THERE'S A BUCKET OF CRAZY
WHERE YOUR HEAD USED TO BE.
SO NOW I'M CRAZY.
I THOUGHT YOU SAID I COULD
TALK TO YOU ABOUT THIS STUFF.
YOU CAN,
AND WE APPRECIATE WHAT
YOU'RE GRAPPLING WITH,
BUT YOU CANNOT GO AROUND
ATTRACTING ATTENTION LIKE THAT.
IT'S NOT SAFE.
EXACTLY.
SO KNOCK IT OFF AND GO GET ME
SOME MORE COFFEE!
WHAT? SHE LIKES TO BE YELLED AT.
HEY, YOU.
UH, I THOUGHT YOU WERE,
UH, AT WORK.
I PRONOUNCE
THE CITY OF FAIRVIEW
SAFE ENOUGH
TO HAVE LUNCH WITH MY GIRL.
OH, THAT WOULD BE LOVELY,
BUT I HAVE SOMETHING
I NEED TO DO. SHOOT.
OH, YEAH? LIKE WHAT?
WHAT?
UNLESS IT'S A--
IT'S A BIG SECRET.
ISIT A BIG SECRET?
CHUCK.
I'M SORRY. YOU'RE RIGHT.
I...
YOU DON'T OWE ME
ANY EXPLANATIONS.
I JUST... I JUST NEED
TO KNOW THAT WE'RE OKAY.
CHUCK...
MY FEELINGS FOR YOU
HAVE NOT CHANGED,
JUST MY SCHEDULE
FOR THE DAY.
MWAH.
WELL, THAT'S GOOD,
BECAUSE SUSPICION CAN BE
A GREAT TRAIT IN POLICE WORK,
BUT IT'S HORRIBLE
IN A RELATIONSHIP.
JUST ASK MY EX.
I NEVER WANNA BE
THAT GUY AGAIN.
(door opens and closes)
(loudly) HELLO THERE, KAREN.
"KAREN"?
WHAT HAPPENED TO "LIVER SPOT"
OR "6 FEET UNDER"
OR ONE OF
YOUR OTHER CUTE NICKNAMES?
NO, NO, I CAN'T COME IN!
I'M JUST DROPPING OFF
ANOTHER HOME-COOKED MEAL!
WHAT MEAL? WHAT THE HELL
ARE YOU YELLING FOR?
(under breath)
JUST LIFT THE NAPKIN.
50 BUCKS.
WHAT'S THE CATCH?
DON'T LOOK NOW,
BUT DO YOU SEE BEN OVER THERE?
MM. SUBTLE.
ANYWAY, HE HAS A SOFT SPOT
FOR OLD PEOPLE,
AND AS FAR ASHEKNOWS,
SO DO I.
(loudly) NO, NO,
YOUR CRINKLED LITTLE SMILE
IS THANKS ENOUGH FOR ME.
ARE YOU PETTING ME?
(sighs) JUST SAY NICE THINGS
ABOUT ME TO BEN.
TELL HIM I BRING YOU MEALS,
THAT KIND OF STUFF.
WELL, IT'S A PRETTY BIG FAVOR
FOR 50 BUCKS.
CONSIDERING I DON'T LIKE YOU,
I'LL DO IT FOR $100.
FINE.
TOMORROW I'LL BRING YOU A C-NOTE
AND A JELL-O MOLD. DEAL?
(loudly) OH, RENEE.
BLESS YOUR HEART.
YOU'RE SO GOOD TO ME.
NO,YOU'RETHE ONE
WHO ENRICHESMYLIFE.
THE JOY I GET...
(normal voice)
HANDS OFF. HE'S GONE.
OH, MY GOD.
YOU THINKISENT THIS?
YOU HAVE ANY IDEA
HOW THIS MAKES ME FEEL?
FORGIVE ME. I DIDN'T THINK
IT WAS POSSIBLE
TO DAMAGE THE SELF-ESTEEM
OF A MURDERER.
ACONFESSEDMURDERER.
AND THIS--THIS IS THE ONLY WAY
YOU CAN SEE ME?
(muffled) PAUL! PAUL.
(pounds)
(sighs)
(muffled) PLEASE.
I'M SORRY. I'VE JUST BEEN
SO PANICKED SINCE I GOT IT.
IT HAS THE EXACT SAME WORDING AS
THE LETTER MARY ALICE RECEIVED.
YES.
THAT'S VERY WEIRD.
BUT WHY ARE YOU
SO WORKED UP ABOUT IT?
(gasps) I BELIEVE MARY ALICE
GOT A LITTLE WORKED UP
WHEN SHE GOT HERS.
BUT SHE WAS HIDING SOMETHING.
YOU AREN'T.
RIGHT?
OF COURSE NOT.
IT'S OBVIOUSLY JUST
A CRUEL PRANK,
BUT I STILL WANNA KNOW
WHO'S RESPONSIBLE.
IT HAD TO BE SOMEONE WHO KNEW
ABOUT THE ORIGINAL NOTE.
WELL, LET'S SEE.
OBVIOUSLY THERE'S MARTHA HUBER.
OBVIOUSLY
SHE DIDN'T SEND IT.
THEN THERE'S YOU,
SUSAN, LYNETTE, GABY.
I ASSUME YOU'VE
ALREADY ASKED THEM.
UH, ACTUALLY, I-I HAVEN'T
MENTIONED IT TO THE GIRLS YET.
I-I STILL HAVEN'T FIGURED OUT
EXACTLY WHAT IT IS.
WELL, WHATEVER IT IS,
DON'T KEEP IT TO YOURSELF.
IF MARY ALICE HAD SHARED
HER NOTE WITH YOU GIRLS...
THINGS MIGHT HAVE
TURNED OUT...
A WHOLE DIFFERENT WAY.
YOU KNOW IT'S RECYCLING DAY.
SO?
SO IT LOOKS LIKE
YOU'RE ABOUT
TO PUT KITCHEN GARBAGE
IN YOUR RECYCLING BIN.
OH. I HOPE
I DON'T GET PUNISHED.
OH, HERE I AM,
DROPPING A TURKEY CARCASS
IN WITH THE RECYCLING.
AND HERE I AM,
NOT GIVING A CRAP.
UH-OH. YOU GOT ME.
CAN I BUM ONE?
MY OLD LADY MADE ME QUIT.
(sighs)
(mouth full) 17...
18...
19...
THANK GOD.
THOSE WERE FROM LAST WEEK.
HELLO.
UH, BEN, ISN'T IT?
YES.
UH, LISTEN, UH,
I WAS JUST TALKING
TO MRS. McCLUSKEY,
AND I GOTTA SAY,
I REALLY MISJUDGED YOU.
OH?
YEAH.
SHE WAS TELLING ME
ALL THE WAYS YOU'VE HELPED HER.
WELL, I LIKE TO THINK
I'M DOING GOD'S WORK,
YOU KNOW, UNTIL HE TAKES HER
IN HER SLEEP OR WHAT HAVE YOU.
YEAH, I DON'T KNOW
IF YOU KNEW THIS,
BUT I'M QUITE INVOLVED
WITH SENIORS MYSELF.
GET OUT! LOOK AT US,
HAVING THINGS IN COMMON.
(chuckles) YEAH.
SO IS THERE SOMETHING ELSE
I CAN HELP YOU WITH?
ACTUALLY, YES.
ARE YOU FREE TONIGHT?
(door creaks)
HEY, BUDDY.
WHAT ARE YOU THINKING
FOR DINNER TONIGHT?
(door closes)
MEXICAN? CHINESE?
ACTUALLY, THERE'S A PARTY
AT RICH COHEN'S
I WAS HOPING TO GO TO.
YEAH? DON'T HOPE TOO HARD.
WHY NOT?
REMEMBER WHEN
RICH TURNED 13?
IT WAS THE ONLY BAR MITZVAH
EVER SHUT DOWN BY THEPOLICE.
I DON'T TRUST HIS PARENTS.
WELL, IF YOU MAKES YOU FEEL
BETTER, THEY'RE OUT OF TOWN.
OOH, AN UNSUPERVISED PARTY?
EVEN BETTER.
WE'RE JUST GONNA BE
EATING PIZZA
AND WATCHING MOVIES AND STUFF,
AND RICH'S OLDER BROTHER
WILL BE THERE.
(gasps)
PERFECT.
SOMEONE TO BUY THE BEER.
SO YOU'RE SAYING "NO"?
AGAIN?
UH...
I'M NOT SAYING NO.
I'M SAYING ASK YOUR DAD.
HEY! I'M JUST DROPPING OFF
A CHECK.
(door closes)
HANG ON A SEC. PARKER HAS
SOMETHING HE WANTS TO ASK YOU.
PARKER.
CAN I GO TO A PARTY
AT RICH COHEN'S HOUSE TONIGHT?
WHAT DID YOUR MOM SAY?
HIS MOM SAID HE SHOULD
ASK HIS DAD.
OH. WELL... H-HIS PARENTS
ARE GONNA BE THERE, RIGHT?
NOPE. NO PARENTS.
AND... RICH COHEN--
DIDN'T SOMETHING HAPPEN
AT HIS BAR MITZVAH?
LOTS OF THINGS HAPPENED--
DRINKING, POT SMOKING,
THE WHITTAKER GIRL
GOT PREGNANT.
(chuckles) IT SOUNDS LIKE YOU
ALREADY MADE UP YOUR MIND HERE.
NO, NO, NO.
I HAVE NOT MADE UP MY MIND.
IT IS ENTIRELY UP TO YOU.
YOU HEAR THAT, DAD?
ENTIRELY UP TO YOU.
WELL... I-IT SEEMS LIKE
YOUR MOM DOESN'T THINK
THIS IS A GOOD IDEA--
I DIDN'T SAY THAT.
I DON'T NOT THINK
IT'S A GOOD IDEA.
OH, SO YOUDO
DO THINK IT'S A GOOD IDEA.
I DON'T NOT THINK IT'S NOT...
NOT... A GOOD IDEA.
OKAY, I'M CONFUSED.
WELL, IF YOUR MOM'S
NOT SAYING "NO,"
I'M NOT SAYING "NO" EITHER.
OH! WELL, IF YOUR DAD'S
NOT SAYING "NO,"
I'M SURE AS HELL
NOT GOING TO SAY "NO."
SO IS THAT A "YES"?
WELL... (chuckles)
IT'S NOT A "NO."
SWEET.
(chuckles)
(door opens and closes)
ARE YOU SURE THIS THING
IS SAFE?
MY SON PLAYS FIREMAN ON MINE
ALL THE TIME.
DO YOU WANNA SEE A PICTURE?
LET'S NOT MAKE THIS SADDER
THAN IT IS.
ALL RIGHT, SO MY HUSBAND'S
HAVING A LITTLE PROBLEM
IN THE BEDROOM.
WITH HIS WIENER?
YES, WITH HIS... WIENER.
WELL, YOU CAN RELAX,
BECAUSE I'M LIKE A DOCTOR,
AND I SEE THIS PROBLEM
ALL THE TIME WITH OLDER WOMEN.
"OLDER"?
(scoffs) EXCUSE ME.
I DON'T THINK OUR AGES
ARE THAT FAR APART.
WHEN WEREYOUBORN?
1992.
ME, TOO. ALL RIGHT,
ENOUGH CHITCHAT.
GIVE ME A TASTE OF WHAT
I'M GONNA LEARN HERE.
OKAY. I'D DO YA.
LET ME TRY.
THAT WAS KIND OF ADVANCED.
I WAS THINKING MAYBE WE COULD
START WITH SOMETHING SIMPLE,
LIKE GRINDING ON A CHAIR.
OKAY, WILL YOU STOP
TREATING ME LIKE A GRANDMA?
I DO YOGA AND ZUMBA
AND KICKBOXING.
I'M IN EXCELLENT SHAPE.
OKAY. (grunting)
NOT BAD.
OKAY, NOW ASS UP,
LEGS OUT,
AND REMEMBER,SLOWIS SEXY.
AAH!
(thud)
OH, MY GOD.
OHH! OKAY. UH... (grunts)
A LITTLE HARDER THAN IT LOOKS.
NO WORRIES.
YOU'LL PICK IT UP IN NO TIME.
SIX MONTHS TOPS.
WHAT?!
I CAN'T WAIT THAT LONG.
I NEEDYOURMOVES,
YOUR BODY...
MY ASS, BUT BASICALLY
I NEED TO BE YOU BY TONIGHT.
HEY, WHAT ARE YOU DOING
TONIGHT?
I'M HEADLINING
AT DOUBLE D's.
IF I TRIPLE YOUR PAY,
WOULD YOU MIND
BEING THE OPENING ACT HERE?
BEN, I DON'T KNOW HOW
THE FOOD IS,
BUT I ALREADY LOVE
THIS RESTAURANT.
WE ARE
THE YOUNGEST PEOPLE HERE.
OH, THIS ISN'T A RESTAURANT.
(indistinct conversations)
THIS IS THE SENIOR CENTER.
WELCOME TO
THE BEN FAULKNER FUNCTION ROOM.
(scoffs) WE'RE NOT
EATING HERE, ARE WE?
NO, NO, WE'RE SERVING.
WE CAN EAT AFTERWARDS IF
THERE ARE, YOU KNOW, LEFTOVERS.
OH, FUN.
UH, BUT I'M--
I'M A LITTLE UNDERDRESSED.
THERE YOU GO.
THERE. NOW YOU'RE PERFECT.
(slaps back)
GABY, F.Y.I.,
GUYS WHO USED TO BE BLIND
DON'T ENJOY RELIVING IT.
RELAX.
YOU'RE GONNA LOVE THIS.
NOW JUST SIT BACK
AND GET READY FOR TAKEOFF.
MMM.
(chuckles)
(giggles) YEAH.
WOW. (chuckles)
YOU'VE BEEN WORKING OUT.
I HAVE... (singsongy)
BUT THAT'S NOT MY ASS.
(whispers)
IT'S A PROFESSIONAL'S.
MEET DAKOTA.
WHAT THE HELL?
WHAT IS THIS?
A GIFT FROM YOUR WIFE.
I WORK AT DOUBLE D's,
OUT BY THE INTERSTATE.
NOT THE ONE BY THE AIRPORT
THAT HAD THE HEPATITIS SCARE.
YOU HIRED A STRIPPER.
ONLY AS A WARM-UP ACT.
THEN LATER ON,
SHE'LL CLEAR OUT,
AND IT'S JUST YOU AND ME
FOR THE MAIN EVENT.
NOPE. NOT DOING THIS.
HANG ON. IDEA. SIT DOWN.
(chuckles)
OH! OKAY.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
I DON'T... OH, MY GOD.
HE'S RIGHT.
YOUR BODY--
IT'S LIKE A DOLPHIN.
GIVE IT A LITTLE SPANK.
NOTHING WILL FIX
HIS PROBLEM QUICKER
THAN A LITTLE
GIRL-ON-GIRL ACTION.
MY "PROBLEM."
(gasps)
YOU TOLD HER.
OKAY, QUICK.
MAKE OUT WITH ME.
DO YOU HAVE ANY IDEA HOW
EMBARRASSING THIS IS FOR ME?
THANK YOU, DOCTOR.
YOU CAN GO NOW.
HOW COULD YOU DO THAT
TO ME?
TRY TO GET OUR SEX LIFE
BACK ON TRACK?
CARLOS, EVEN AT OUR WORST,
THIS IS THE ONE THING
THAT'S ALWAYS WORKED FOR US.
I JUST WANT US
TO GET BACK TO NORMAL.
WE'RE NEVER GOING BACK
TO NORMAL!
DON'T YOU UNDERSTAND THAT?!
WHAT I DID...
YOU CAN'T WISH IT AWAY.
IT IS WITH ME ALL THE TIME,
WHETHER I'M AWAKE
OR ASLEEP...
OR TRYING
TO MAKE LOVE TO YOU.
I'M SORRY. I JUST WISH
THERE WAS SOMETHING I COULD DO.
THERE'S NOT.
(indistinct conversations)
WHAT'S THAT?
I DON'T KNOW.
IS IT GOOD?
LET ME CLUE YOU IN
ON SOMETHING.
FOOD IS USUALLY
EITHER GOOD OR FREE.
HOW COME YOU'RE DRESSED
SO FANCY?
BECAUSE I'M ON A DATE
WITH THAT HOT AUSSIE OVER THERE.
HE JUST FAILED TO MENTION
WHAT THE DATE WAS.
BEN BROUGHT YOU TO SLING FOOD
DRESSED LIKE THAT?
(chuckles) HONEY, I THINK
HE'S MESSING WITH YOU.
(chuckles)
I HOPE YOU HAD
A GOOD LAUGH.
BE THANKFUL I SHOVED THAT
ON YOUR HEAD.
THERE WAS ANOTHER OPTION.
RENEE, STOP.
WHY? SO YOU CAN
MOCK ME SOME MORE?
I WASN'T MOCKING YOU.
OKAY, BUT I MEAN,
YOU DID KINDA DESERVE IT--
I MEAN, YOUR WHOLE
"I HEART OLD PEOPLE" THING.
I WAS TRYING TO FIND
SOMETHING WE HAD IN COMMON,
AND NOW I KNOW WE HAVE
NOTHING IN COMMON.
YOU'RE A GOOD PERSON
WHO DOES THINGS LIKE THIS,
AND... I'M ME.
YOU'RE NOT A GOOD PERSON?
NO, BEN, I'M NOT.
BECAUSE TRUTHFULLY,
DOING CHARITY MAKES ME NAUSEOUS.
YEAH, ME, TOO.
WHAT?
MAKES MEUNCOMFORTABLE, TOO,
BUT I KNOW WHY THAT IS.
DO YOU?
I DON'T WANT TO TALK
ABOUT THIS.
WHY? YOU AFRAID OF SAYING
SOMETHING TRUTHFUL?
WHEN MY MOM... DIED,
I WAS BOUNCED AROUND
FROM RELATIVE TO RELATIVE,
MOST OF THEM DIRT-POOR.
WE WERE ON THE RECEIVING END
OF A LOT OF CHARITY.
I SPENT PLENTY OF TIME
IN PLACES LIKE THIS.
AND I HATED IT.
THEY HAND YOU SOMETHING--
A, UH, A DENTED CAN OF FOOD
OR AN UGLY SHIRT.
AND SOMEONE TELLS YOU, "SAY
'THANK YOU' TO THE NICE LADY."
AND YOU DO, BUT SECRETLY,
YOU WANNA SCREAM, "I HATE YOU."
I KNOW WHAT IT'S LIKE TO CLAW
YOUR WAY OUT OF SOMETHING.
LOOK AT US...
HAVING THINGS IN COMMON.
(scratching sound)
(exhales deeply)
(siren blares)
IT'S ABOUT TIME.
IS THERE A PROBLEM,
OFFICER?
YEAH. YOU'RE PARKED
IN A FIRE ZONE.
OH! DARN THE LUCK, I AM.
WELL, SOUNDS LIKE
SOMEBODY'S GONNA BE SLAPPED
WITH A PRETTY STEEP FINE.
YEAH, I SHOULD WRITE YOU
A TICKET.
MM.
BUT IF YOU PROMISE
NOT TO DO IT AGAIN,
I'LL LET YOU OFF
WITH A WARNING.
WHAT?
WHY WOULD YOU DO THAT?
'CAUSE I'M A NEW DAD.
OH, JEEZ.
ABIGAIL DOROTHY BROVKA,
8 POUNDS, 6 OUNCES.
I'M JUST SO HAPPY,
FILLED WITH LOVE.
ANYTHING SHORT
OF A TRIPLE MURDER,
AND I'M PRETTY MUCH
LOOKING THE OTHER WAY.
NO, NO. NO, DON'T LOOK
THE OTHER WAY.
NO, LOOKTHISWAY.
LAWS HAVE BEEN BROKEN.
THERE MUST BE CONSEQUENCES.
I JUST WANNA GET HOME
TO MY BABY.
I MEAN, LOOK AT HER,
ALL WRAPPED UP
LIKE THE TASTIEST LITTLE BURRITO
IN FAIRVIEW.
OH, LOOK AT THAT.
YEAH.
AH, WELL...
(mutters)
THAT WAS NOT COOL.
NOW FORTUNATELY FOR YOU,
I ALWAYS CARRY A BACKUP.
ARE YOU KIDDING ME?
WHAT DO I HAVE TO DO
TO GET ARRESTED HERE?
LADY, PEOPLE LIKE YOU
USED TO DRIVE ME NUTS.
BUT NOTHING CAN FAZE ME NOW
THAT THIS SWEET LITTLE GIRL'S
COME INTO MY LIFE.
WELL, THAT SWEET LITTLE GIRL--
SHE'S GOTDUMBOEARS.
(thud)
UHH!
MA'AM, YOU CAN TURN AROUND
AND PUT YOUR HANDS
BEHIND YOUR BACK.
YOU HAVE THE RIGHT
TO REMAIN SILENT.
(handcuffs clicking)
ANYTHING YOU SAY CAN
AND WILL BE USED AGAINST YOU
IN A COURT OF LAW.
(exhales deeply)
HEY, MIKE.
UM, I, UH, I'VE GOT
A BIT OF A PROBLEM.
MAYBE YOU CAN HELP ME OUT
WITH IT.
I CAN TRY.
WHAT'S THE PROBLEM?
YOU.
HOW AM I SUPPOSED TO HIRE YOU
WHEN I CAN'T GET YOU BONDED?
WHO KNEW? MIKE DELFINO,
SUBURBAN DAD,
GUY WHO KEEPS THE NEATEST LAWN
ON THE BLOCK,
EX CON?
(sighs) YEP.
AND YOU WERE GONNA
MENTION THIS WHEN?
LOOK, I'M SORRY. IT'S NOT
SOMETHING I TEND TO LEAD WITH
WHEN I MEET SOMEBODY.
'CAUSE YOU'RE NOT THAT GUY
ANYMORE.
THAT'S RIGHT.
A BAD COP TRIED TO RAPE
YOUR GIRLFRIEND,
AND YOU FOUGHT HIM
TO PROTECT HER.
TELL ME WHY YOU WOULDN'T
WANNA BE THAT GUY ANYMORE.
IT WAS A LONG TIME AGO.
I WAS A KID,
AND I'VE LEARNED LIFE'S A LOT
MORE COMPLICATED THAN I THOUGHT.
NAH. NAH.
LIFE IS BRUTALLY SIMPLE.
LIFE IS GETTING WHAT YOU WANT
AND PROTECTING WHO YOU LOVE...
AND EVERYTHING ELSE
IS WEAKNESS.
A GUY LIKE YOU...
GUY LIKE YOU KNOWS IT.
BEN, IF THIS IS ALL JUST
TO TELL ME YOU CAN'T USE ME,
I UNDERSTAND.
NO, NO, NO, NO,
I DIDN'T SAY THAT.
I SAID I COULDN'TBONDYOU.
(sighs)
I CAN DEFINITELY USE YOU.
I HOPE YOU'VE COOLED OFF
A BIT.
YEAH. WELL, UH, SPENDING
A FEW HOURS IN A CELL
WITH A DRUNK TRANSVESTITE
WILL DO THAT TO YOU. (chuckles)
YOUR BABY'S CUTE,
BY THE WAY.
I SWEAR SHE'LL GROW
INTO THOSE EARS.
THANKS. THE GUY YOU CALLED
TO PICK YOU UP IS HERE.
(sighs)
(telephone ringing in distance)
CARLOS, THANKS FOR COMING.
I COULDN'T CALL MIKE,
AND, UH,
I DIDN'T WANNA UPSET
THE GIRLS, SO...
YOU OKAY?
THEY TOLD ME YOU ASSAULTED
A MOTORCYCLE COP.
(sighs) ACTUALLY,
IT WAS JUST A MOTORCYCLE.
THAT DOESN'T SOUND
LIKE YOU.
I'VE BEEN...
IN THIS WEIRD PLACE LATELY.
I KEEP DOING THINGS,
HOPING TO GET CAUGHT.
DOES IT HELP?
FOR FIVE MINUTES.
AND THEN I JUST
FEEL GUILTY AGAIN.
(whispers) I JUST DON'T KNOW
HOW TO PULL MYSELF OUT OF THIS.
(lowered voice) I GET IT.
GABY KEEPS PUSHING ME TO ACT
LIKE EVERYTHING IS NORMAL.
I GUESS WE'RE JUST SUPPOSED
TO STUFF EVERYTHING DOWN
AND MOVE ON.
BUT THAT'S IMPOSSIBLE.
THE GIRLS ARE PLAYING POKER
AND ACTING LIKE THINGS ARE FINE,
AND THEY'RE NOT.
(sighs)
IT IS NICE TO BE ABLE
TO TALK ABOUT THIS.
OHH.
IT IS.
DO YOU WANNA GET
SOME COFFEE?
SOUNDS GOOD.
(beeping)
(ringing,
indistinct conversations)
PARKER, IT'S ME.
IT'S GETTING LATE.
IS EVERYTHING OKAY?
EVERYTHING IS FINE, M'LADY.
WHO'S THIS?
Toph.
IF THIS IS A BOOTY CALL,
TOPH IS READY TO FILL IN.
WHERE IS PARKER?
I don't know, man.
IT'S KIND OF
A "LORD OF THE FLIES"
SITUATION HERE.
SO... ARE WE HOOKING UP OR WHAT?
OH!
(beep)
♪♪♪
PARKER!
EXCUSE ME, EXCUSE ME.
I'M LOOKING FOR MY SON,
PARKER SCAVO--
I'M HOPING YOU KNOW HIM.
(crowd chanting) KEG STAND!
KEG STAND! KEG STAND! KEG STAND!
AND NOW I'M HOPING YOU DON'T.
WHOA, HOLD ON.
THIS IS A PRIVATE PARTY.
UH, I'LL JUST BE A MINUTE.
WHOA, WHOA, WHOA. WHAT ARE YOU,
SOME KIND OF NARC?
NO, I'M JUST LOOKING FOR MY SON,
I SWEAR. I'M NOT A NARC.
EXACTLY WHAT A NARC
WOULD SAY.
STEP ASIDE, KID.
LADY, I SAID NO.
LISTEN TO ME.
MY SON IS HERE SOMEWHERE,
AND HE IS PROBABLY DRUNK
AND PROBABLY TERRIFIED,
AND I HAVE GOT TO FIND HIM.
SORRY. THERE'S NO WAY WE'RE
LETTING A NARC INTO OUR PARTY.
I AM NOT... UGH! (grunts)
(indistinct conversations)
OKAY.
WOULD ANARCDO THIS?
LEGS!
(crowd chanting) KEG STAND!
KEG STAND! KEG STAND! KEG STAND!
KEG STAND! KEG STAND!
(Tom) LYNETTE?
UH... TOM!
(crowd) KEG STAND!
THIS ISN'T WHAT IT LOOKS LIKE.
I HAVEN'T BEEN DRINKING.
(belches)
I MEAN, A LITTLE.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?
PARKER CALLED ME TO PICK HIM UP
BECAUSE HE DRANK TOO MUCH.
WHERE IS HE?
HE'S IN THE CAR. HE SENT ME BACK
BECAUSE HE LOST HIS PHONE.
IS HE OKAY?
HE'S COVERED IN PUKE,
WHICH I'M HOPING IS--IS HIS.
OH, GOD.
THIS IS YOUR FAULT
FOR LETTING HIM COME HERE.
MYFAULT?
YOUCOULD HAVE STOPPED HIM.
OH, PLEASE. YOU KNEW
IT WAS A BAD IDEA.
YOU WERE JUST TOO BUSY
TESTING ME.
NO, I WAS GIVING YOU A CHANCE
TO STAND UP AND BE A FATHER.
NOW WE'VE GOT
A 16-YEAR-OLD SON
WE HAVE TO CLEAN OFF
WITH A GARDEN HOSE.
I GUESS YOU SHOWED ME.
(scoffs)
HE ASLEEP?
YEAH. I THOUGHT
LET HIM SOBER UP
BEFORE WE PUNISH HIM.
I KNOW I SHOULDN'T
HAVE LET HIM GO TONIGHT.
BUT RIGHT NOW SAYING "YES"
IS THE ONLY MOVE I'VE GOT.
"MOVE"?
WHAT IS THIS?
SOME KIND OF GAME
YOU'RE TRYING TO WIN?
LYNETTE, YOU HAVE NO IDEA
WHAT THIS IS LIKE FOR ME.
FOR 20 YEARS, I HAD
THE SAME BEDTIME RITUAL.
I-I BRUSHED MY TEETH, AND I'D
GO LOOK AT EACH KID SLEEPING,
AND NO MATTER WHAT CRAP
HAPPENED DURING THE DAY,
I KNEW THE THINGS
THAT MATTERED WERE OKAY.
NOW MY RITUAL...
I BRUSH MY TEETH.
SO, YES.
I'M DOING EVERYTHING I CAN
TO MAKE THE LITTLE TIME
THAT I SPEND WITH THEM
THE BEST PART OF THEIR WEEK.
WOW. YOU'RE SUCCEEDING.
WHEN I SEE THEM
SPRINT OUT TO THE CAR,
SO EXCITED TO SEE DADDY,
PART OF ME THINKS, GREAT.
THEY'RE OKAY WITH THIS,
AND PART OF ME THINKS...
OH, CRAP.
I'M LOSING THEM TO YOU.
SO YOU'RE TRYING
TO WIN, TOO.
NO.
I JUST...
I UNDERSTAND HOW YOU FEEL.
AND THE ONLY WAY
WE'RE GONNA GET THROUGH THIS
IS IF WE STOP WORRYING
ABOUT...
WHO WINS.
I'M SORRY TO BURDEN YOU
WITH THIS,
BUT I JUST COULDN'T KEEP IT
TO MYSELF ANYMORE.
WHY NOT?
WHY DID YOU HAVE TO TELLME?
REPRESSION IS, LIKE,
YOUR THING.
OKAY, LET'S--LET'S SAY
SOMEONE KNOWS.
THEY'RE NOT ASKING US
FOR MONEY.
THEY'RE NOT TRYING
TO BLACKMAIL US.
I SAY UNTIL THEY TELL US
WHAT THEY WANT,
WE JUST ACT LIKE
EVERYTHING'S NORMAL.
EXCEPT I'M DRINKING
A LOT MORE.
YOU DON'T THINK
WE SHOULD TELL THE OTHERS?
WELL, WE CAN'T TELL SUSAN.
SHE'S ALREADY FLIPPING OUT.
YOU'RE RIGHT.
AND WE SHOULDN'T TELL LYNETTE,
GIVEN WHAT'S GOING ON
IN HER MARRIAGE.
OR CARLOS, GIVEN WHAT'S
GOING ON IN MINE.
SO YOU DON'T THINK
WE SHOULD DOANYTHING?
(glass clatters)
WELL, THERE IS ONE THING
I'VE BEEN TELLING YOU
YOUNEED TO DO.
GET RID OF CHUCK!
YOU'RE RIGHT.
I SHOULD, BUT, UM--
BUT WHAT?
THIS IS GONNA SOUND STRANGE.
HE MAKES ME FEEL SAFE.
SAFE? YEAH, I DO THINK
THAT'S STRANGE,
ESPECIALLY NOW THAT
SOME LUNATIC KNOWS.
BUT YOU'VE GOT TO END THIS,
AND YOU'VE GOT TO END IT NOW.
CHUCK?
NOW ISN'T THAT FUNNY?
I WASJUSTTHINKING
TO MYSELF,
"HOW AM I GONNA WASH MY BACK
IN THE SHOWER?"
AND THEN YOU WALK IN.
SERENDIPITY, HUH?
SORRY. I'M GONNA PASS.
OKAY.
IS, UM...
SOMETHING ON YOUR MIND?
IT CAN WAIT.
BREE...
GO AHEAD.
TAKE YOUR SHOWER.
(sighs)
(shower running)
(telephone rings)
(ring)
(beep)
(exhales deeply) HELLO?
(woman)
I have a collect call
from Fairview Correctional
Institution.
Will you accept
the charges?
YES.
(Paul)
Bree, it's Paul Young.
I'VE BEEN THINKING ABOUT
WHAT YOU ASKED ME--
you know, who might have known
about Mary Alice's note.
YEAH?
WHEN I CONFESSED TO THE MURDER
OF MARTHA HUBER,
I MENTIONED THE LETTER
TO THE POLICE.
WELL, DO YOU REMEMBER
WHO THESE POLICEMEN WERE?
The main detective
was a tall guy
WITH A SHORT NAME LIKE,
UH, PENCE OR VINCE.
WAS IT VANCE? CHUCK VANCE?
YES, THAT'S IT.
I HAVE TO GO.
(beep, receiver clatters)
(shower turns off)
(wallet thuds)
OKAY. I KNOW THAT WAS
THE SHORTEST SHOWER
I'VE EVER TAKEN, BUT I...
(sighs)
I REALLY DIDN'T LIKE THE LOOK
ON YOUR FACE BEFORE.
BE HONEST WITH ME, BREE.
ARE YOU ABOUT
TO BREAK UP WITH ME?
(sighs) OF COURSE NOT.
IN FACT, LET'S GET YOU BACK
IN THAT SHOWER. (giggles)
YES, IN THE DIVIDED WORLD
OF THE SUBURBS,
EVERYONE IS LOOKING FOR
SOME WAY TO MAKE A CONNECTION.
SOME SEEK TO CONNECT BY
FOCUSING ON A GREATER GOOD...
SOME BY REVEALING
A COMMON HISTORY...
SOME BY SHARING A PAIN
NO ONE ELSE CAN HEAL.
THEN THERE ARE THOSE
WHO ONCE SOUGHT
TO MAKE A CONNECTION...
THAT THEY NOW WANT DESPERATELY
TO ESCAPE.